did you think that a cbdc a central bank
digital currency was a problem well the
DPI is much more Sinister what is DPI
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you in today's video we
are going to talk about DPI digital
public infrastructure we're also going
to look at 50 in five and that's a
program aiming to launch DPI in 50
countries in 5 years
understand this this is a connection
point between the
cbdc a digital payment Network a digital
ID and Global governance oh and guess
what it is already begun to roll out yes
what we're looking at today is news to a
lot of people the information that I
have for you is preliminary but you got
to know this you got to realize
how this puts a connection a road think
of it like infrastructure laying down
the roads and highways for all of these
things to come together I'm going to
explain it all in today's video we are
going to look at the information dig in
I'm going to show you it directly from
the sources who we talking about here
I'll give you that right now imagine the
Rockefeller Foundation Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation and the UN to name a
few all parties in this
DPI in this 50 in five did I grab your
attention let's
begin DPI includes systems like digital
payments IDs and data exchanges the 50
and5 campaign led by the UN Billy G's
Foundation Rockefeller Foundation aims
to implement DPI in 50 countries in 5
years and of course there's a concern
here right you could look at the website
and I'll show you in a second they have
their own website and it looks fantastic
right hey let's give people who are less
fortunate access to that digital
infrastructure well the DPI centralizes
significant amounts of data potentially
enabling governmental control over
citizens activities in some countries
digital ID systems have been utilized to
restrict access to services or surveil
their citizens you know about that
you've seen that especially over the
last few years this is another level you
thought that what they were doing a few
years ago was a test
event not really in a sense because it's
being rolled out right
now they've been doing this for a while
and now we got the name names now we
know who involved and I'm bringing that
to you right here and now dpis data
collection could lead to a loss of
anonymity and privacy tracking movements
purchases social interactions
potentially without effective oversite
like I said you've seen some of this
before but we're taking it to the next
level why because this is now connecting
multiple pieces it's not just you know
your your passport and this and that
your thumb print we now have the
infrastructure the roads the highways of
this Digital Universe all being
connected together the Central Bank
digital currencies will come that's one
element one element Global standards for
DPI could override local laws and
customs Nations might be pressured to
adopt policies that align with the
interest of the more influential
countries or organizations if the UN
says no you got to do this and that how
often have we seen it before where
countries will just bring about
something maybe you've heard of uh
agenda 2030 does that ring a bell yeah
look up your city the name of your city
and there's something to do with Agenda
21 around it just look it up where do
you live do you live in New York type in
New York agenda 2030 2030 maybe you live
in you know Miami maybe you live in you
know somewhere in California what it
doesn't matter you could be in in Europe
you could be in any
anywhere type in the name of your city
type in agenda 2030 or Agenda 21 and
you're going to see a report and guess
what you're going to see some familiar
terms in there we're going to get into
that I will show you that I'm going to
give you a look at how this connects
even further if you can believe it or
not the information I'm about to share
goes
further I mean I can't even believe this
when I found this when I started to
research the connections this goes
beyond beyond even what I have been
researching there's a risk of data
breaches exposing sensitive information
governments or third parties might
misuse data for political economic or
social manipulation you have no idea you
don't know what goes on behind closed
doors but how many times have we had
information stolen hackers ransomware
all these things the development and
implementation of DPI may occur without
sufficient public awareness or debate
the need for transparency in how data is
collected used and shared it's not going
to be there you know that right that's
the problem zpi could create a de facto
global standard affecting how Nations
interact and govern digital spaces this
is a one siiz fits all policy but you
got a lot of different countries and not
everybody is going to want to play ball
at least the people in those countries
but the ruling Authority from over top
is going to say what they want and
they're going to get
it we you know we got to look at H how
this can be balanced out because we do
want
advancement but it's not going to get
there in the way that we want it that's
going to you know benefit us and favor
us it's going to be there to benefit the
few
right let's look at some of that right
now this is directly from their website
By the Way digital public infrastructure
structure DPI refers to a secure and
interoperable network of components that
include digital payments IDs and data
exchange systems you thought I was
kidding this is their website 50
and5 undp this the this is the UN
launching inclusive digital public
infrastructure development initiative
again their own website I don't just
pull these things out of a hat I didn't
just make this up 11 first mover
countries launched 50 and5 campaign to
accelerate digital public infrastructure
adoption around the world which
website's this ah the UN right um I'll
give you those countries if you if you
uh will stay with me for a moment and
I'll tell you what's happening with them
we have
this where we get into the deepest
levels only those willing to accept the
truth should stay
if you're not willing to Now's the Time
now's the exit I'm telling you right now
we're talking about sustainable
development
goals sustainable development have you
ever heard of that this is where we get
into the agenda 21 and agenda
2030 this is a nightmare for anyone
who's read into this you know what it's
all about but it is directly connected
Ed with the
DPI it's on the un's website it's right
here as a recent digital public goods
Alliance and Rockefeller report
highlights DPI holds great promise to
accelerate the achievement of the
sustainable development goals by
including more people in the digital
economy enabling good governance and
Service delivery and creating new tools
to respond to Urgent challenges
they are going to make it happen it's
already on it's
here look at how far this goes European
digital identity Council and Parliament
reach a provisional agreement on Eid you
have not a personal identity not a
national identity but you have a
European identity now all digital all
there under the guys of making it easy
we want to make sure that everyone is
inclusive here it's fair yeah so
there'll be a few at the very top who
don't have to play by these rules and
then there's everybody else do you
understand what this is all about
there's more control right now by these
institutions than ever before and guess
what they're about to take it to the
next level the 50 in5 initiative aims to
shorten DPI implementation by sharing
learnings and best practices among the
countries like yeah that's right that
that would be good right well you could
see these different countries that have
you know basically been playing ball
with it you know the first mover
countries Bangladesh Estonia Ethiopia
Guatemala malova and I was thinking to
myself for a moment that it was mostly
developing countries but even Norway was
on that list Sagal Sierra Leon Singapore
was on there one of the most you know
wealthiest Nations and Sri Lanka Togo
many of these countries have signed on
they've begun their work in DPI now
that's a DPI is you know a big subject
it's not necessarily just one thing it's
not a central bank digital currency just
one thing but it is what I believe to be
the nucleus the center of what we'll
experience when it comes to the network
the global governance and the levels
beyond anything we could imagine today
of control this is
it this is it
DPI 50 in five imagine that's the center
and you have the center Central Bank
digital currency you have your social
credit score you're going to have your
digital ID you're going to have
everything connected to this one thing
it may have a different name right
that's just kind of a general term but
there is going to be something Central
it's going to apply to all these
governments and you are at the mercy of
these institutions and then you take it
up to another level
that next level I'll talk about that in
a second if you appreciate this
information understand that this is Way
Way Beyond what the average person is
going to talk about you have these guys
like coffeezilla and all this that they
they oh we're going to expose the
scammers and all that why don't you
expose these people we need your help we
need the millions and millions of views
that you get why aren't you exposing the
Federal Reserve why aren't you exposing
these institutions no because you're not
going to get the clicks because you're
not going to bring the attention to
these
institutions and that's
pathetic look we when we get into the
sustainable development goals we're
getting into the the darkness because we
know that these institutions what they
have done and we're talking about from
the top down is essentially dictated a
policy that means that if you're part of
the elite well class you do not have to
abide by any rules but if you're
everybody else you got to live in the
big mega cities you have infrastructure
that is dilapidated is falling down and
they are going to make it very difficult
to operate outside of their network but
how could they have done that they
couldn't before but as you move into the
Central Bank digital currency as you
move into digital ID and as you get rid
of that cash you look at your social
credit score all these things one layer
after another it makes it very possible
and this right here I hope that I have
brought to
you why this is of major concern share
this with your friends with your family
and the co-workers who you think might
want to hear about this and I know
sometimes it's hard to hear if you want
to hear from me directly in a forum
where quite I can't say everything on
YouTube well I do in my private Zoom
classes this is something that I started
more recently and I'm going to talk
about it more frequently we have people
that have had excellent success in these
groups right here and I go for two hours
on Friday two hours for Sunday it's
locked down to to certain people if you
want to get in the uh details are in the
description below you click that link
everything you would need to know is in
there and that's that's how we're going
to be able to get to the latest and
greatest information that I just cannot
share on YouTube and now for the comment
of the day imagine having a mortgage for
50 years no thanks well you see what's
happening right now is they're making it
impossible for you to Simply live a life
that is considered normal that you could
just have a normal job a normal house
and make every everything okay but
nothing today is normal and they are
going Way Beyond anything we've ever
seen and we can ever imagine I want to
know your thoughts about DPI and the
layers that I have brought to you today
and of course taking it all the way to
the sustainable development what you've
thought what you've heard about what
you've read please let me know in the
comments below again share this video it
is the tip of the iceberg when it comes
to this information
and as I get more I'll bring it to you
all right I'll see you tomorrow take
care